Pyroscope/Pyroscope.OpenTelemetry/README.md, before:

## Span profiles for OpenTelemetry

This package enables applications that already rely on [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/net/getting-started/) for distributed tracing and Pyroscope for continuous profiling to link the tracing and profiling data together.

See https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/trace-span-profiles/ for more information.

### Prerequisites
- Your .NET application is instrumented with [Pyroscope's profiler](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/language-sdks/dotnet/)
- Your .NET application is instrumented (manually) with [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/net/getting-started/)

### Integration

Add the following package to your project:

```shell
dotnet add package Pyroscope.OpenTelemetry
```

Register the `PyroscopeSpanProcessor` in your OpenTelemetry integration:

```csharp

builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetry()
    .WithTracing(b =>
    {
        b
        .AddAspNetCoreInstrumentation()
        .AddConsoleExporter()
        .AddOtlpExporter()
        .AddProcessor(new Pyroscope.OpenTelemetry.PyroscopeSpanProcessor());
    });

```

Commit message:

Improve CI for NuGet packages
- Bump actions/setup-dotnet to v4.
- Install SDK version from global.json in CI.
- Build with the .NET 8 SDK.
- Enable deterministic builds.
- Include source link and symbols.
- Add NuGet package metadata (tags, URLs, release notes etc.).
- Use `Directory.Build.props` to simplify CI.
- Use Artifacts Output.
- Add package README for Pyroscope.
- Add package logo.
- Fix markdownlint warnings in package READMEs.

Pyroscope/Pyroscope.OpenTelemetry/README.md, after:

# Span profiles for OpenTelemetry

This package enables applications that already rely on [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/net/getting-started/) for distributed tracing and Pyroscope for continuous profiling to link the tracing and profiling data together.

See [Link tracing and profiling with Span Profiles](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/trace-span-profiles/) for more information.

## Prerequisites

- Your .NET application is instrumented with [Pyroscope's profiler](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/language-sdks/dotnet/)
- Your .NET application is instrumented (manually) with [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/net/getting-started/)

## Integration

Add the following package to your project:

```shell
dotnet add package Pyroscope.OpenTelemetry
```

Register the `PyroscopeSpanProcessor` in your OpenTelemetry integration:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetry()
    .WithTracing(b =>
    {
        b
        .AddAspNetCoreInstrumentation()
        .AddConsoleExporter()
        .AddOtlpExporter()
        .AddProcessor(new Pyroscope.OpenTelemetry.PyroscopeSpanProcessor());
    });
```
